This is a reminder to please request your room preferences for the upcoming 2024FA-2025SP academic year. If you have already done so, please disregard this email.



Department Chairs: Logan Higgins can temporarily assign you as an instructor for course sections that do not yet have an instructor assigned so that you can set room preferences.



IF NO PREFERENCE IS PROVIDED BY JUNE 14th, 2024 THE REGISTRAR'S OFFICE WILL ASSIGN A ROOM WHICH MEETS THE CLASSROOM CAPACITY AND ANY TECHNOLOGY NEEDS NOTED.

 

To submit room requests for both Fall 2024 and Spring 2025, go to my.whitman.edu and proceed as follows:

 

On the homepage of my.whitman.edu use the "Select Term" drop down menu to select a term and find your list of courses. Click on View Section Details for the course you want to submit a room preference for.
On the details page, click on the Room Preference button.
Insert your first preference using the pull down menu.
If you wish to view the room click on the picture icon to the left of the room you indicated
Insert up to three possible rooms for the course and click "Save Preference".


Helpful hints:

The more options listed the better chance you have of getting a room of your choice. 
Room preferences do not carry over from previous years. Even if you have taught a course in the same room every semester, you must still submit a preference for it to appear in the room scheduling software.
If you are requesting a room(s) for ADA or technology related reasons, please make note of it in the comments (you don't need to tell me what your ADA accommodation is, simply that you have one on file with HR).
If you would like a certain type of room (seminar, tiered, etc.) or need a specific feature (ex. smart classroom), please make note of it in the comments.
Comments do not import to the room scheduling software; however, I do refer to them in the case that I am not able to schedule a course in one of the listed preferences submitted. 
If you are having technical trouble submitting preferences, I will gladly help you troubleshoot. Please do not try to submit your preferences via email, as they will not be imported into the scheduling software, and are likely to be overlooked. Please do send me screenshots of error messages or other relevant information about the issue.
Directions for submitting your room preferences that include screenshots are attached to this email.
For instructors of Fall FYS sections and instructors teaching during the fall MWF 11:00-11:50am time slot: Comments about the type of room and/or technology you want are extremely helpful, as this is the most difficult time slot to schedule, and the one you are most likely to not end up in one of your top three choices. Comments will help me find the best alternatives to meet your pedagogical needs.



SPECIAL NOTES: Room assignments are final unless you meet one of the following criteria: 

The room assigned does not have the technology you need to teach your course, 
The room does not meet a documented ADA accommodation you have on file with the HR office, or 
The room you are requesting is NOT in use at the time you want it. Please DO NOT try to swap rooms with other faculty members. All room changes MUST go through the Registrar's Office so that in the event of an emergency we know where students are supposed to be on campus.