Add/Drop
At this time, all students who will be studying on campus during the Spring 2025 semester should be pre-registered for classes. Students must obtain Advisor Clearance and clear any Blocking Holds on their accounts in order to make any changes to their schedules. Note to advisors: you can start granting clearance now! No need to wait til next week.


On Monday, January 20, starting at the times listed below, students will be able to add or drop classes from their schedule.

Class of 2025: 8 AM (PST/Walla Walla time)

Class of 2026: 10 AM

Class of 2027: 12 PM

Class of 2028: 2 PM

Adding a class: Week 1
For classes that have open seats, registration is first-come, first-served through 11:59 PM on Sunday, January 26. Any student who meets the registration requirements for your course (prerequisites, class year, etc.) can claim an open seat.


Note: waitlists are only in effect during the pre-registration period, which ended in December. Registration is now first-come, first-served for all students regardless of whether they were on the waitlist for your class.


Special cases during Week 1:

If your course is Consent-Only, students still need to get Faculty Consent from you before they can register.

If a student is missing one or more prerequisites for your course, they still need to get a Requisite Waiver from you before they can register.

If a student wants to register for a closed (full) section, they still need to have you grant them a Registration Exception. The student needs to accept the Reg Exception, then they’ll be added to your class.

Adding a class: Week 2
Students may continue to register for classes through 11:59 PM on Friday, January 31 (end of Week 2). However, starting that Monday (Jan. 27), any student wishing to add your class must first get you to grant them an Add Authorization. Once you grant a student an Add Authorization to join your class, they’ll have until the end of the day on Friday to register.


Special cases during Week 2:

If your course is Consent-Only, students need to get both Faculty Consent and an Add Authorization.

If a student is missing one or more prerequisites for your course, they need to get both a Requisite Waiver and an Add Authorization.

An Add Authorization will override the course capacity and allow a student to register for your section, even if it’s already closed (full). In other words, during Week 2, students only need an Add Auth to join a full class; no need for you to also give them a Reg Exception.

Dropping a class
Students have until 11:59 PM on Friday, February 28 to drop a class without record. After that, students have until Friday, April 11 to drop with a “W” (withdrawal) on their grade record.


Note: Students don’t need to ask the instructor for permission to drop a class, but they do need to get Advisor Clearance.

Student Check-In
All students must also complete Student Check-In (https://my.whitman.edu/ > Student Tools > Check In & Holds) by no later than 11:59 PM on Friday, January 31.

Need assistance?
Please see the attached PDFs for answers to frequently asked questions and instructions on how to manage registration permissions via the Self-Service app in myWhitman.


Registrar’s Office staff will be available all next week to help troubleshoot and answer questions for students and faculty, starting just before 8 AM on Monday. For the rest of the week, we’ll be available during our normal hours (8:30 am - 4:30 PM).

