Dear Students,



Did that one class you really wanted fill up before you could snag a spot? Are you having second thoughts about that seminar you signed up for? Did you fall asleep and Rip-Van-Winkle through your entire appointment? Never fear! The open pre-registration period begins for all students at 8:00 AM tomorrow (Thursday, November 14).



During open pre-registration, you may add or remove sections from your 2025SP schedule, and join the waitlist for sections that are closed, by logging into the Self-Service app via myWhitman (https://my.whitman.edu/registration).

Adding classes
Starting tomorrow, you may add any class you like to your schedule, as long as:

It has an open seat

It won't put you over 18 academic credits

You meet the registration requirements (prerequisites, class year/major restrictions, faculty consent, etc.)

It doesn't conflict with your other classes

How do I add a class that has open seats?
Make sure you’ve added your desired section to your schedule and it’s showing up as “Planned”.

If necessary, contact the instructor to request Faculty Consent and/or a Prerequisite Waiver. (Tip – check the “Consents & Waivers” tab to see your active consents/waivers).

Once pre-registration reopens, return to your 2025SP schedule and select the blue “Register” button (to register for a single section) or “Register Now” button (to register for all of your planned sections at once).

Pre-registration instructions - how to register for an open course.png
How do I join the waitlist for a class that’s already full?
If you want to register for a class that’s already at capacity, you can add yourself to the section’s Waitlist in case any seats open up. Waitlists open at 8:00 AM tomorrow (Thursday, Nov. 14) and will remain open until the pre-registration period ends on Dec. 20.

Make sure you’ve added your desired section to your schedule and it’s showing up as “Planned”. Contact the instructor to secure Faculty Consent and/or Prerequisite Waiver, if necessary.

Return to your 2025SP schedule and select the blue “Waitlist” button to join the section’s waitlist. Once the waitlist reaches 10 students, no new students may add their names until someone else leaves.

If a spot becomes available, you will be notified via your student email.

Important! If you’re offered a spot from the waitlist, you must claim your seat by no later than 11:59 PM on the date specified in the email, otherwise the seat will be offered to the next person on the list. To register, log back into the Student Planning app select the blue “Register” button.

If at any time you decide you don’t want to register for the course after all, please select the blue “Drop Waitlist” button to free up your waitlist spot for someone else.